- [Instructor] One of the most powerful aspects
for user adoption for any cloud provider
is the command line interface, or CLI.
Amazon has a strong CLI, and if you are
a Linux user especially, you will see how easy it is
for S3 access using the CLI.
Now one of the first questions you may ask
is why do you want a CLI for infrastructure in the cloud?
The CLI provides a developer-friendly way
to access resources from a familiar interface.
You can visualize, create, edit, and destroy
cloud infrastructure and storage
from a simple command entered in your terminal.
It also provides a simple way to write robust scripts
using native scripting environments like bash.
It also provides a quick way
to inspect your data and infrastructure.
For instance, if you want to see all the files
in a S3 bucket, a simple command line call
is significantly quicker than logging in to the console.
I also find it is very useful when writing code.
Because the CLI uses the public API for AWS,
I can execute a call to visualize the output
of that call so I can unpack it in code easier.
This for me is one of the most powerful aspects of the CLI,
because I tend to be a visual person
when it comes to writing code.
And diagrams and sample calls are easier for me
than simply reading API specs.
Now installing the CLI is pretty straightforward.
On my machine, I simply used Homebrew to install it.
But the first thing you need to know
is that you must have Python installed.
The CLI itself is written in Python
and you need an interpreter on your machine to run it.
Amazon has some very good instructions
for using pip to install the CLI,
so I recommend using that as a guide,
as opposed to the way that I did it.
And finally note that you want to follow the instructions
for version one of the CLI.
It's the most clean of the two versions,
because the other one is still in a beta mode.
One thing that you may note, specifically with S3,
is that there are two separate CLI options.
S3 itself is a very simplified access pattern
into the CLI and it's useful for simple file manipulation.
The S3 API is a much more detailed set of commands
for use with S3.
While in all honesty, it probably has more value
for a developer, we in this course are going to focus
more on the API operations in later chapters.
So they are available if you need them,
but for the CLI today, we're not going to use them.
For this chapter, we are simply going to use
the S3 commands only.